as a company if we carry out this
video one more video for my channel in this
occasion is another trick hello 4 for
all of you is how to unlock the
armor ryder some parts of the
Armor is not yet confirmed
the helmet in front wash will be another
video that we are working on right now
the forums of hello 4 looking for this type
of code but if the first thing we're going to
do is go to halo waypoint or before
that nothing has to end the
episodes of Spartans but the code
It's not going to work, we're just going to go
to halo waypoint since we are in halo
waypoint let's press x twice
here in this time to who as they are
watching tighten x and here again and it's going to
come out to finish I do not know if they remember the
video I did previously of holloway
with the trick of one hundred thousand credits
it's going to be the same thing we're going to enter
new codes but the first code that
you are going to enter
the oni 1 this is the first code that
you are going to enter if you do not enter that code
this one you can not redeem more codes
I only recommend you guys to enter
this code oni one first and already
then they will enter these two codes
reid in one and reid in two
here are watching me guys enter the
two codes of the kingdom one and the king of
two and if we're still looking at the
floors gel or four code
King den's helmet still we can not
find but later I'll put
the description of a video if you
I'll find another video for
find this helmet but if people like that
I say goodbye, I hope it helped you
this kind of tricks and see you at the
next or that you take care of bye